b:\users\zver\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.exe
b:\users\zver\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.pdb
b:\users\zver\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.Form1.resources
b:\users\zver\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.Properties.Resources.resources
b:\users\zver\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
b:\users\zver\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.exe
b:\users\zver\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.pdb
b:\users\zver\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.Form2.resources
b:\users\zver\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.Form3.resources
B:\Users\Zver\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
B:\Users\Zver\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.Brigades.resources
B:\Users\Zver\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.Calls.resources
B:\Users\Zver\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.Chart.resources
B:\Users\Zver\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.Clientele.resources
B:\Users\Zver\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.Objects.resources
B:\Users\Zver\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.Price.resources
B:\Users\Zver\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.Reason.resources
B:\Users\Zver\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.Workers.resources
B:\Users\Zver\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.Names_Brigades.resources
B:\Users\Zver\Desktop\Программы hard\Диплом БМ охрана\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.exe
B:\Users\Zver\Desktop\Программы hard\Диплом БМ охрана\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.pdb
